Edit the following file, which begins after START CODE, keeping as consistent as possible except adding features and comments where appropriate. We are going to add an optional secondary camera that can be toggled by one of the placeholder buttons as a toggle button. When toggled on, the button lets you toggle a "preview" pane at the top left of the canvas, taking up 22% of the other canvas height and width.
Now add a new material to cycle through when pressing the that simulatesAdd a function createSecondaryCamera to create and configure the secondary camera
Here are some of the steps. fill in what's missing, and respond only in code with comments:

Add a function toggleCamera to enable or disable the secondary camera and preview pane

Update the init function to call createSecondaryCamera and add the preview pane

Update the animate function to render the scene from both cameras to their respective canvases

Add a new material that uses the secondary camera data for reflections

Update the button that cycles through materials to include the new material when the camera is active

Add a button to toggle the secondary camera and preview pane

---

Ok but the secondary camera should have the view from the point of the ball, and they should both be updated in the animate() function, if the secondary camera is enabled. Use the shader output to render onto a quad so the secondary camera can see that too, and make sure there's a separate canvas to preview the secondary camera view from.
---
secondary canvas should be floating over the current canvas, preferably with a title bar, white border 2px, and an "x" to hide, but the 4th button should show it again

===

Let's refactor this file so we can more easily read and process it. Be sure to keep clear and concise comments. We will have the main threejs_bounce file, bounce_2d which will handle the html UI, and bounce_shaders for the ripple effect shader code. First provide the bounce_2d file, then ask me to continue. When I reply continue, give me the other 2 files
---
continue
---
So, I'm not seeing the UI anymore, can you fix that? Also, can you move more to the bounce_shaders file? Especially things like setting up the uniforms 
===
Let's improve the UI some more. Break the css out to a separate programatically-created style element. Also, can we make the secondary camera canvas window appear, initially, directly over the current canvas, and have it be draggable with the titlebar? Return the full file